# Minutes Agenda  - June 2020
---
Mia Sherman, Richard Lasher, Moe Sherman, Gary Skinner, Zachary Morrow, Justin Nesselrotte, Andy Taylor, Stephanie Daniels, Erin H. 6:01 start
## Old business

 * Approval of minutes and agenda.

 **Passed w/o objection**

 * Revisit closure.
    * Motion to reopen the space for meetings and classes.

**Digital all June - need to change the sign in front door. Members have access, will post maximum occupancy after checking broomfield sq ft business guidance.**

## Finance

### Motions
 * Investigate grant opportunities
    * Ask someone to investigate the sources/grants listed on the Trello board? Even though we’re breaking even, it can’t hurt to get more money especially if we don’t have to pay it back. We may be able to get help from BCAH with finding grants and applying for them.

**Zak will look into this again, too (maybe just personal interest)?
Even though we’re breaking even, it can’t hurt to get moremoney especially if we don’t have to pay it back.
Erin (Education Coordinator), Zak M, Justin N will work to get in touch with Kaycee Lott (from makerBolder) to set up joint TGD/denhac class for grant writing.
We may be able to get help from BCAH with findinggrants and applying for them.**


### Reports

 * P&L (Zak)

 **In writing on google drive**

 * New membership income tracking notebook (Richard)

 **In writing on github**
 * Fundraising - t-shirts (Richard)

 **No luck w/ contacts, will continue investigating**

## Events

### Motions

 * Provide "sugar crystals kit" for BCAH's Summer Sundays Drive-Thru.

 **Mia is writing up procedure & doing a time lapse of crystal growth - Zak writes up the crystallization explanation. Other crystals to experiment with?**

 * Provide "code your name kit" for BCAH's Summer Sundays Drive-Thru.

 **Beads were not possible w/ numbers expected, use cherios and apple jacks, Erin suggested math based activities based on famous series, outdoor hunt for Fibonacci series**

## Education

### Motions

 * Enfranchise Andy Taylor to teach SketchUp online.

 **Passed 4-0, andy expressed concerns over lack of existing infrastructure, will work w/ Richard to get what he needs.  Will keep Erin, Richard, Zach in the loop via slack**

 * Develop new online classes.

 **Some ideas, Erin intersted in R.**

## New business

 * Move board meeting agendas to Github

 **Passed w/o objection**

 * Move board meeting minutes to Github

  **Passed w/o objection**


